org/springframework/jca/cci/CciOperationNotSupportedException.java
 org.springframework.jca.cci.CciOperationNotSupportedException
org/springframework/transaction/interceptor/NoRollbackRuleAttribute.java
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.NoRollbackRuleAttribute
org/springframework/dao/TypeMismatchDataAccessException.java
 org.springframework.dao.TypeMismatchDataAccessException
org/springframework/dao/RecoverableDataAccessException.java
 org.springframework.dao.RecoverableDataAccessException
org/springframework/jca/cci/core/support/CommAreaRecord.java
 org.springframework.jca.cci.core.support.CommAreaRecord
org/springframework/transaction/interceptor/TransactionAttribute.java
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.TransactionAttribute
org/springframework/transaction/interceptor/TransactionAttributeSource.java
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.TransactionAttributeSource
org/springframework/transaction/annotation/SpringTransactionAnnotationParser.java
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.SpringTransactionAnnotationParser
org/springframework/transaction/support/TransactionCallback.java
 org.springframework.transaction.support.TransactionCallback
org/springframework/dao/UncategorizedDataAccessException.java
 org.springframework.dao.UncategorizedDataAccessException
org/springframework/jca/cci/connection/SingleConnectionFactory.java
 org.springframework.jca.cci.connection.SingleConnectionFactory
 org.springframework.jca.cci.connection.SingleConnectionFactory$1
 org.springframework.jca.cci.connection.SingleConnectionFactory$CloseSuppressingInvocationHandler
org/springframework/transaction/TransactionSuspensionNotSupportedException.java
 org.springframework.transaction.TransactionSuspensionNotSupportedException
org/springframework/transaction/annotation/package-info.java
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.package-info
org/springframework/transaction/jta/JtaTransactionObject.java
 org.springframework.transaction.jta.JtaTransactionObject
org/springframework/transaction/interceptor/MethodMapTransactionAttributeSource.java
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.MethodMapTransactionAttributeSource
org/springframework/transaction/reactive/package-info.java
 org.springframework.transaction.reactive.package-info
org/springframework/dao/NonTransientDataAccessException.java
 org.springframework.dao.NonTransientDataAccessException
org/springframework/dao/TransientDataAccessResourceException.java
 org.springframework.dao.TransientDataAccessResourceException
org/springframework/jca/cci/object/package-info.java
 org.springframework.jca.cci.object.package-info
org/springframework/dao/CannotAcquireLockException.java
 org.springframework.dao.CannotAcquireLockException
org/springframework/jca/support/SimpleBootstrapContext.java
 org.springframework.jca.support.SimpleBootstrapContext
org/springframework/transaction/jta/JtaAfterCompletionSynchronization.java
 org.springframework.transaction.jta.JtaAfterCompletionSynchronization
org/springframework/transaction/CannotCreateTransactionException.java
 org.springframework.transaction.CannotCreateTransactionException
org/springframework/jca/endpoint/GenericMessageEndpointManager.java
 org.springframework.jca.endpoint.GenericMessageEndpointManager
org/springframework/transaction/reactive/TransactionSynchronization.java
 org.springframework.transaction.reactive.TransactionSynchronization
org/springframework/jca/endpoint/GenericMessageEndpointFactory.java
 org.springframework.jca.endpoint.GenericMessageEndpointFactory
 org.springframework.jca.endpoint.GenericMessageEndpointFactory$1
 org.springframework.jca.endpoint.GenericMessageEndpointFactory$GenericMessageEndpoint
 org.springframework.jca.endpoint.GenericMessageEndpointFactory$InternalResourceException
org/springframework/transaction/annotation/AbstractTransactionManagementConfiguration.java
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.AbstractTransactionManagementConfiguration
org/springframework/transaction/TransactionException.java
 org.springframework.transaction.TransactionException
org/springframework/transaction/interceptor/TransactionAttributeEditor.java
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.TransactionAttributeEditor
org/springframework/transaction/interceptor/TransactionAttributeSourceAdvisor.java
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.TransactionAttributeSourceAdvisor
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.TransactionAttributeSourceAdvisor$1
org/springframework/transaction/jta/SimpleTransactionFactory.java
 org.springframework.transaction.jta.SimpleTransactionFactory
org/springframework/transaction/reactive/TransactionSynchronizationManager.java
 org.springframework.transaction.reactive.TransactionSynchronizationManager
org/springframework/transaction/UnexpectedRollbackException.java
 org.springframework.transaction.UnexpectedRollbackException
org/springframework/transaction/support/AbstractPlatformTransactionManager.java
 org.springframework.transaction.support.AbstractPlatformTransactionManager
 org.springframework.transaction.support.AbstractPlatformTransactionManager$1
 org.springframework.transaction.support.AbstractPlatformTransactionManager$SuspendedResourcesHolder
org/springframework/transaction/event/package-info.java
 org.springframework.transaction.event.package-info
org/springframework/transaction/support/ResourceHolder.java
 org.springframework.transaction.support.ResourceHolder
org/springframework/transaction/interceptor/TransactionInterceptor.java
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.TransactionInterceptor
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.TransactionInterceptor$1
org/springframework/transaction/event/TransactionalApplicationListenerSynchronization.java
 org.springframework.transaction.event.TransactionalApplicationListenerSynchronization
org/springframework/transaction/support/ResourceHolderSynchronization.java
 org.springframework.transaction.support.ResourceHolderSynchronization
org/springframework/jca/support/ResourceAdapterFactoryBean.java
 org.springframework.jca.support.ResourceAdapterFactoryBean
org/springframework/transaction/TransactionSystemException.java
 org.springframework.transaction.TransactionSystemException
org/springframework/transaction/config/TransactionManagementConfigUtils.java
 org.springframework.transaction.config.TransactionManagementConfigUtils
org/springframework/transaction/reactive/TransactionContext.java
 org.springframework.transaction.reactive.TransactionContext
org/springframework/jca/cci/core/CciTemplate.java
 org.springframework.jca.cci.core.CciTemplate
 org.springframework.jca.cci.core.CciTemplate$1
 org.springframework.jca.cci.core.CciTemplate$SimpleRecordExtractor
org/springframework/transaction/package-info.java
 org.springframework.transaction.package-info
org/springframework/transaction/support/SimpleTransactionScope.java
 org.springframework.transaction.support.SimpleTransactionScope
 org.springframework.transaction.support.SimpleTransactionScope$CleanupSynchronization
 org.springframework.transaction.support.SimpleTransactionScope$ScopedObjectsHolder
org/springframework/transaction/reactive/GenericReactiveTransaction.java
 org.springframework.transaction.reactive.GenericReactiveTransaction
org/springframework/dao/OptimisticLockingFailureException.java
 org.springframework.dao.OptimisticLockingFailureException
org/springframework/transaction/TransactionExecution.java
 org.springframework.transaction.TransactionExecution
org/springframework/transaction/annotation/Transactional.java
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.Transactional
org/springframework/jca/cci/connection/ConnectionHolder.java
 org.springframework.jca.cci.connection.ConnectionHolder
org/springframework/dao/annotation/package-info.java
 org.springframework.dao.annotation.package-info
org/springframework/transaction/support/SimpleTransactionStatus.java
 org.springframework.transaction.support.SimpleTransactionStatus
org/springframework/jca/context/package-info.java
 org.springframework.jca.context.package-info
org/springframework/dao/TransientDataAccessException.java
 org.springframework.dao.TransientDataAccessException
org/springframework/transaction/interceptor/package-info.java
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.package-info
org/springframework/transaction/TransactionManager.java
 org.springframework.transaction.TransactionManager
org/springframework/jca/cci/object/SimpleRecordOperation.java
 org.springframework.jca.cci.object.SimpleRecordOperation
org/springframework/dao/DataRetrievalFailureException.java
 org.springframework.dao.DataRetrievalFailureException
org/springframework/jca/cci/package-info.java
 org.springframework.jca.cci.package-info
org/springframework/transaction/support/package-info.java
 org.springframework.transaction.support.package-info
org/springframework/jca/cci/RecordTypeNotSupportedException.java
 org.springframework.jca.cci.RecordTypeNotSupportedException
org/springframework/transaction/annotation/TransactionAnnotationParser.java
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.TransactionAnnotationParser
org/springframework/jca/cci/connection/package-info.java
 org.springframework.jca.cci.connection.package-info
org/springframework/transaction/support/TransactionSynchronizationAdapter.java
 org.springframework.transaction.support.TransactionSynchronizationAdapter
org/springframework/jca/cci/object/MappingRecordOperation.java
 org.springframework.jca.cci.object.MappingRecordOperation
 org.springframework.jca.cci.object.MappingRecordOperation$RecordCreatorImpl
 org.springframework.jca.cci.object.MappingRecordOperation$RecordExtractorImpl
org/springframework/transaction/reactive/TransactionCallback.java
 org.springframework.transaction.reactive.TransactionCallback
org/springframework/transaction/TransactionTimedOutException.java
 org.springframework.transaction.TransactionTimedOutException
org/springframework/transaction/event/TransactionalEventListenerFactory.java
 org.springframework.transaction.event.TransactionalEventListenerFactory
org/springframework/transaction/InvalidIsolationLevelException.java
 org.springframework.transaction.InvalidIsolationLevelException
org/springframework/transaction/event/TransactionalApplicationListenerAdapter.java
 org.springframework.transaction.event.TransactionalApplicationListenerAdapter
org/springframework/dao/CannotSerializeTransactionException.java
 org.springframework.dao.CannotSerializeTransactionException
org/springframework/transaction/event/TransactionPhase.java
 org.springframework.transaction.event.TransactionPhase
org/springframework/dao/support/PersistenceExceptionTranslator.java
 org.springframework.dao.support.PersistenceExceptionTranslator
org/springframework/transaction/support/TransactionSynchronization.java
 org.springframework.transaction.support.TransactionSynchronization
org/springframework/transaction/support/ResourceHolderSupport.java
 org.springframework.transaction.support.ResourceHolderSupport
org/springframework/jca/context/BootstrapContextAware.java
 org.springframework.jca.context.BootstrapContextAware
org/springframework/transaction/config/JtaTransactionManagerBeanDefinitionParser.java
 org.springframework.transaction.config.JtaTransactionManagerBeanDefinitionParser
org/springframework/jca/context/BootstrapContextAwareProcessor.java
 org.springframework.jca.context.BootstrapContextAwareProcessor
org/springframework/jca/work/WorkManagerTaskExecutor.java
 org.springframework.jca.work.WorkManagerTaskExecutor
org/springframework/transaction/jta/WebSphereUowTransactionManager.java
 org.springframework.transaction.jta.WebSphereUowTransactionManager
 org.springframework.transaction.jta.WebSphereUowTransactionManager$UOWActionAdapter
org/springframework/jca/cci/connection/TransactionAwareConnectionFactoryProxy.java
 org.springframework.jca.cci.connection.TransactionAwareConnectionFactoryProxy
 org.springframework.jca.cci.connection.TransactionAwareConnectionFactoryProxy$TransactionAwareInvocationHandler
org/springframework/transaction/config/JtaTransactionManagerFactoryBean.java
 org.springframework.transaction.config.JtaTransactionManagerFactoryBean
org/springframework/transaction/annotation/AnnotationTransactionAttributeSource.java
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.AnnotationTransactionAttributeSource
org/springframework/dao/support/ChainedPersistenceExceptionTranslator.java
 org.springframework.dao.support.ChainedPersistenceExceptionTranslator
org/springframework/dao/DataAccessException.java
 org.springframework.dao.DataAccessException
org/springframework/transaction/annotation/Ejb3TransactionAnnotationParser.java
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.Ejb3TransactionAnnotationParser
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.Ejb3TransactionAnnotationParser$Ejb3TransactionAttribute
org/springframework/dao/NonTransientDataAccessResourceException.java
 org.springframework.dao.NonTransientDataAccessResourceException
org/springframework/jca/cci/connection/NotSupportedRecordFactory.java
 org.springframework.jca.cci.connection.NotSupportedRecordFactory
org/springframework/transaction/support/DelegatingTransactionDefinition.java
 org.springframework.transaction.support.DelegatingTransactionDefinition
org/springframework/dao/EmptyResultDataAccessException.java
 org.springframework.dao.EmptyResultDataAccessException
org/springframework/transaction/support/ResourceTransactionManager.java
 org.springframework.transaction.support.ResourceTransactionManager
org/springframework/jca/cci/CannotGetCciConnectionException.java
 org.springframework.jca.cci.CannotGetCciConnectionException
org/springframework/transaction/support/TransactionCallbackWithoutResult.java
 org.springframework.transaction.support.TransactionCallbackWithoutResult
org/springframework/jca/cci/core/support/CciDaoSupport.java
 org.springframework.jca.cci.core.support.CciDaoSupport
org/springframework/transaction/reactive/AbstractReactiveTransactionManager.java
 org.springframework.transaction.reactive.AbstractReactiveTransactionManager
 org.springframework.transaction.reactive.AbstractReactiveTransactionManager$1
 org.springframework.transaction.reactive.AbstractReactiveTransactionManager$ErrorPredicates
 org.springframework.transaction.reactive.AbstractReactiveTransactionManager$ErrorPredicates$1
 org.springframework.transaction.reactive.AbstractReactiveTransactionManager$ErrorPredicates$2
 org.springframework.transaction.reactive.AbstractReactiveTransactionManager$ErrorPredicates$3
 org.springframework.transaction.reactive.AbstractReactiveTransactionManager$SuspendedResourcesHolder
org/springframework/transaction/event/TransactionalApplicationListener.java
 org.springframework.transaction.event.TransactionalApplicationListener
 org.springframework.transaction.event.TransactionalApplicationListener$SynchronizationCallback
org/springframework/jca/support/LocalConnectionFactoryBean.java
 org.springframework.jca.support.LocalConnectionFactoryBean
org/springframework/transaction/TransactionStatus.java
 org.springframework.transaction.TransactionStatus
org/springframework/jca/cci/core/RecordExtractor.java
 org.springframework.jca.cci.core.RecordExtractor
org/springframework/transaction/PlatformTransactionManager.java
 org.springframework.transaction.PlatformTransactionManager
org/springframework/jca/cci/core/RecordCreator.java
 org.springframework.jca.cci.core.RecordCreator
org/springframework/transaction/jta/ManagedTransactionAdapter.java
 org.springframework.transaction.jta.ManagedTransactionAdapter
org/springframework/transaction/ReactiveTransactionManager.java
 org.springframework.transaction.ReactiveTransactionManager
org/springframework/transaction/jta/UserTransactionAdapter.java
 org.springframework.transaction.jta.UserTransactionAdapter
org/springframework/transaction/interceptor/TransactionAttributeSourceEditor.java
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.TransactionAttributeSourceEditor
org/springframework/transaction/support/TransactionTemplate.java
 org.springframework.transaction.support.TransactionTemplate
org/springframework/jca/cci/core/InteractionCallback.java
 org.springframework.jca.cci.core.InteractionCallback
org/springframework/transaction/interceptor/TransactionAttributeSourcePointcut.java
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.TransactionAttributeSourcePointcut
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.TransactionAttributeSourcePointcut$1
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.TransactionAttributeSourcePointcut$TransactionAttributeSourceClassFilter
org/springframework/transaction/support/TransactionSynchronizationManager.java
 org.springframework.transaction.support.TransactionSynchronizationManager
org/springframework/dao/annotation/PersistenceExceptionTranslationPostProcessor.java
 org.springframework.dao.annotation.PersistenceExceptionTranslationPostProcessor
org/springframework/transaction/jta/SpringJtaSynchronizationAdapter.java
 org.springframework.transaction.jta.SpringJtaSynchronizationAdapter
org/springframework/transaction/interceptor/NameMatchTransactionAttributeSource.java
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.NameMatchTransactionAttributeSource
org/springframework/dao/InvalidDataAccessApiUsageException.java
 org.springframework.dao.InvalidDataAccessApiUsageException
org/springframework/jca/work/SimpleTaskWorkManager.java
 org.springframework.jca.work.SimpleTaskWorkManager
 org.springframework.jca.work.SimpleTaskWorkManager$DelegatingWorkAdapter
org/springframework/transaction/interceptor/AbstractFallbackTransactionAttributeSource.java
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.AbstractFallbackTransactionAttributeSource
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.AbstractFallbackTransactionAttributeSource$1
org/springframework/transaction/annotation/JtaTransactionAnnotationParser.java
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.JtaTransactionAnnotationParser
org/springframework/jca/cci/connection/ConnectionSpecConnectionFactoryAdapter.java
 org.springframework.jca.cci.connection.ConnectionSpecConnectionFactoryAdapter
org/springframework/transaction/InvalidTimeoutException.java
 org.springframework.transaction.InvalidTimeoutException
org/springframework/dao/support/PersistenceExceptionTranslationInterceptor.java
 org.springframework.dao.support.PersistenceExceptionTranslationInterceptor
org/springframework/transaction/annotation/Propagation.java
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.Propagation
org/springframework/transaction/support/TransactionOperations.java
 org.springframework.transaction.support.TransactionOperations
org/springframework/dao/DataAccessResourceFailureException.java
 org.springframework.dao.DataAccessResourceFailureException
org/springframework/transaction/interceptor/RuleBasedTransactionAttribute.java
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.RuleBasedTransactionAttribute
org/springframework/dao/annotation/PersistenceExceptionTranslationAdvisor.java
 org.springframework.dao.annotation.PersistenceExceptionTranslationAdvisor
org/springframework/transaction/interceptor/TransactionalProxy.java
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.TransactionalProxy
org/springframework/transaction/support/DefaultTransactionDefinition.java
 org.springframework.transaction.support.DefaultTransactionDefinition
org/springframework/transaction/reactive/TransactionContextHolder.java
 org.springframework.transaction.reactive.TransactionContextHolder
org/springframework/jca/cci/object/MappingCommAreaOperation.java
 org.springframework.jca.cci.object.MappingCommAreaOperation
org/springframework/dao/PermissionDeniedDataAccessException.java
 org.springframework.dao.PermissionDeniedDataAccessException
org/springframework/transaction/interceptor/MatchAlwaysTransactionAttributeSource.java
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.MatchAlwaysTransactionAttributeSource
org/springframework/transaction/StaticTransactionDefinition.java
 org.springframework.transaction.StaticTransactionDefinition
org/springframework/jca/endpoint/AbstractMessageEndpointFactory.java
 org.springframework.jca.endpoint.AbstractMessageEndpointFactory
 org.springframework.jca.endpoint.AbstractMessageEndpointFactory$AbstractMessageEndpoint
 org.springframework.jca.endpoint.AbstractMessageEndpointFactory$TransactionDelegate
org/springframework/transaction/interceptor/TransactionAspectSupport.java
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.TransactionAspectSupport
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.TransactionAspectSupport$1
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.TransactionAspectSupport$CoroutinesInvocationCallback
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.TransactionAspectSupport$InvocationCallback
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.TransactionAspectSupport$KotlinDelegate
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.TransactionAspectSupport$ReactiveTransactionInfo
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.TransactionAspectSupport$ReactiveTransactionSupport
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.TransactionAspectSupport$ReactiveTransactionSupport$1
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.TransactionAspectSupport$ThrowableHolder
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.TransactionAspectSupport$ThrowableHolderException
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.TransactionAspectSupport$TransactionInfo
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.TransactionAspectSupport$VavrDelegate
org/springframework/jca/cci/core/support/package-info.java
 org.springframework.jca.cci.core.support.package-info
org/springframework/transaction/NoTransactionException.java
 org.springframework.transaction.NoTransactionException
org/springframework/transaction/ReactiveTransaction.java
 org.springframework.transaction.ReactiveTransaction
org/springframework/jca/cci/InvalidResultSetAccessException.java
 org.springframework.jca.cci.InvalidResultSetAccessException
org/springframework/transaction/support/AbstractTransactionStatus.java
 org.springframework.transaction.support.AbstractTransactionStatus
org/springframework/dao/DuplicateKeyException.java
 org.springframework.dao.DuplicateKeyException
org/springframework/transaction/support/CallbackPreferringPlatformTransactionManager.java
 org.springframework.transaction.support.CallbackPreferringPlatformTransactionManager
org/springframework/jca/cci/CannotCreateRecordException.java
 org.springframework.jca.cci.CannotCreateRecordException
org/springframework/jca/context/SpringContextResourceAdapter.java
 org.springframework.jca.context.SpringContextResourceAdapter
org/springframework/jca/work/DelegatingWork.java
 org.springframework.jca.work.DelegatingWork
org/springframework/transaction/event/TransactionalApplicationListenerMethodAdapter.java
 org.springframework.transaction.event.TransactionalApplicationListenerMethodAdapter
org/springframework/transaction/interceptor/DelegatingTransactionAttribute.java
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.DelegatingTransactionAttribute
org/springframework/dao/InvalidDataAccessResourceUsageException.java
 org.springframework.dao.InvalidDataAccessResourceUsageException
org/springframework/transaction/jta/TransactionFactory.java
 org.springframework.transaction.jta.TransactionFactory
org/springframework/transaction/IllegalTransactionStateException.java
 org.springframework.transaction.IllegalTransactionStateException
org/springframework/transaction/HeuristicCompletionException.java
 org.springframework.transaction.HeuristicCompletionException
org/springframework/dao/support/DataAccessUtils.java
 org.springframework.dao.support.DataAccessUtils
org/springframework/jca/work/package-info.java
 org.springframework.jca.work.package-info
org/springframework/transaction/interceptor/DefaultTransactionAttribute.java
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.DefaultTransactionAttribute
org/springframework/transaction/support/ResourceTransactionDefinition.java
 org.springframework.transaction.support.ResourceTransactionDefinition
org/springframework/dao/DataIntegrityViolationException.java
 org.springframework.dao.DataIntegrityViolationException
org/springframework/jca/cci/core/package-info.java
 org.springframework.jca.cci.core.package-info
org/springframework/dao/QueryTimeoutException.java
 org.springframework.dao.QueryTimeoutException
org/springframework/transaction/config/package-info.java
 org.springframework.transaction.config.package-info
org/springframework/transaction/support/TransactionSynchronizationUtils.java
 org.springframework.transaction.support.TransactionSynchronizationUtils
 org.springframework.transaction.support.TransactionSynchronizationUtils$ScopedProxyUnwrapper
org/springframework/dao/support/package-info.java
 org.springframework.dao.support.package-info
org/springframework/dao/DeadlockLoserDataAccessException.java
 org.springframework.dao.DeadlockLoserDataAccessException
org/springframework/jca/cci/connection/CciLocalTransactionManager.java
 org.springframework.jca.cci.connection.CciLocalTransactionManager
 org.springframework.jca.cci.connection.CciLocalTransactionManager$1
 org.springframework.jca.cci.connection.CciLocalTransactionManager$CciLocalTransactionObject
org/springframework/transaction/reactive/TransactionContextManager.java
 org.springframework.transaction.reactive.TransactionContextManager
 org.springframework.transaction.reactive.TransactionContextManager$NoTransactionInContextException
org/springframework/transaction/annotation/TransactionManagementConfigurer.java
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.TransactionManagementConfigurer
org/springframework/transaction/config/TxAdviceBeanDefinitionParser.java
 org.springframework.transaction.config.TxAdviceBeanDefinitionParser
org/springframework/transaction/support/SmartTransactionObject.java
 org.springframework.transaction.support.SmartTransactionObject
org/springframework/transaction/NestedTransactionNotSupportedException.java
 org.springframework.transaction.NestedTransactionNotSupportedException
org/springframework/transaction/jta/WebLogicJtaTransactionManager.java
 org.springframework.transaction.jta.WebLogicJtaTransactionManager
org/springframework/transaction/reactive/TransactionalOperator.java
 org.springframework.transaction.reactive.TransactionalOperator
org/springframework/jca/cci/connection/DelegatingConnectionFactory.java
 org.springframework.jca.cci.connection.DelegatingConnectionFactory
org/springframework/jca/cci/core/ConnectionCallback.java
 org.springframework.jca.cci.core.ConnectionCallback
org/springframework/jca/endpoint/package-info.java
 org.springframework.jca.endpoint.package-info
org/springframework/transaction/interceptor/RollbackRuleAttribute.java
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.RollbackRuleAttribute
org/springframework/dao/CleanupFailureDataAccessException.java
 org.springframework.dao.CleanupFailureDataAccessException
org/springframework/transaction/TransactionDefinition.java
 org.springframework.transaction.TransactionDefinition
org/springframework/transaction/SavepointManager.java
 org.springframework.transaction.SavepointManager
org/springframework/dao/ConcurrencyFailureException.java
 org.springframework.dao.ConcurrencyFailureException
org/springframework/jca/support/package-info.java
 org.springframework.jca.support.package-info
org/springframework/dao/IncorrectUpdateSemanticsDataAccessException.java
 org.springframework.dao.IncorrectUpdateSemanticsDataAccessException
org/springframework/transaction/config/TxNamespaceHandler.java
 org.springframework.transaction.config.TxNamespaceHandler
org/springframework/dao/IncorrectResultSizeDataAccessException.java
 org.springframework.dao.IncorrectResultSizeDataAccessException
org/springframework/transaction/reactive/ReactiveResourceSynchronization.java
 org.springframework.transaction.reactive.ReactiveResourceSynchronization
org/springframework/dao/support/DaoSupport.java
 org.springframework.dao.support.DaoSupport
org/springframework/transaction/interceptor/TransactionProxyFactoryBean.java
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.TransactionProxyFactoryBean
org/springframework/transaction/interceptor/CompositeTransactionAttributeSource.java
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.CompositeTransactionAttributeSource
org/springframework/jca/cci/connection/ConnectionFactoryUtils.java
 org.springframework.jca.cci.connection.ConnectionFactoryUtils
 org.springframework.jca.cci.connection.ConnectionFactoryUtils$ConnectionSynchronization
org/springframework/dao/PessimisticLockingFailureException.java
 org.springframework.dao.PessimisticLockingFailureException
org/springframework/transaction/TransactionUsageException.java
 org.springframework.transaction.TransactionUsageException
org/springframework/dao/package-info.java
 org.springframework.dao.package-info
org/springframework/transaction/event/TransactionalEventListener.java
 org.springframework.transaction.event.TransactionalEventListener
org/springframework/transaction/support/WithoutTransactionOperations.java
 org.springframework.transaction.support.WithoutTransactionOperations
org/springframework/transaction/reactive/TransactionSynchronizationUtils.java
 org.springframework.transaction.reactive.TransactionSynchronizationUtils
 org.springframework.transaction.reactive.TransactionSynchronizationUtils$ScopedProxyUnwrapper
org/springframework/transaction/reactive/TransactionalOperatorImpl.java
 org.springframework.transaction.reactive.TransactionalOperatorImpl
org/springframework/jca/cci/core/CciOperations.java
 org.springframework.jca.cci.core.CciOperations
org/springframework/jca/cci/object/EisOperation.java
 org.springframework.jca.cci.object.EisOperation
org/springframework/transaction/jta/package-info.java
 org.springframework.transaction.jta.package-info
org/springframework/transaction/support/DefaultTransactionStatus.java
 org.springframework.transaction.support.DefaultTransactionStatus
org/springframework/transaction/jta/JtaTransactionManager.java
 org.springframework.transaction.jta.JtaTransactionManager
org/springframework/transaction/annotation/Isolation.java
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.Isolation
org/springframework/transaction/interceptor/BeanFactoryTransactionAttributeSourceAdvisor.java
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.BeanFactoryTransactionAttributeSourceAdvisor
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.BeanFactoryTransactionAttributeSourceAdvisor$1
org/springframework/transaction/annotation/EnableTransactionManagement.java
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.EnableTransactionManagement
org/springframework/transaction/annotation/ProxyTransactionManagementConfiguration.java
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.ProxyTransactionManagementConfiguration
org/springframework/jca/context/ResourceAdapterApplicationContext.java
 org.springframework.jca.context.ResourceAdapterApplicationContext
org/springframework/transaction/annotation/TransactionManagementConfigurationSelector.java
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.TransactionManagementConfigurationSelector
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.TransactionManagementConfigurationSelector$1
org/springframework/transaction/config/AnnotationDrivenBeanDefinitionParser.java
 org.springframework.transaction.config.AnnotationDrivenBeanDefinitionParser
 org.springframework.transaction.config.AnnotationDrivenBeanDefinitionParser$AopAutoProxyConfigurer
